We don't need this at home
If my mom wants it
You can find someone to deliver it at any time.
That's not what it says
Your mother is filial piety
This is the first time I've come
Haha, just carrying a bag of broken apples
That's ignorant
Auntie, I see
People don't take you seriously at all
Yeah, you see, legends bring good things, right?
There is really no harm without comparison.
you
It's the first time I see our mother, how can I only bring fruit?
It's just that there are too many things in the car, and someone will bring them over later.
This time I'm really not ready
Don't make trouble for a while, how will it end?
Don't worry. Take a look.
Also installed
No, no.
It's all family, no one will say anything about you
Right, sister-in-law, haha?
Grandma, I really can't afford to lose this person
Get him out of here
You don't listen to me, do you?
Then you go with him
Ah, go home.